# Day3
Solutions for Jane Street Day1 Puzzle.

## Directory Structure

- **design.sv** – Puzzle 1  
- **tb_puzzle1.sv** – Testbench for Puzzle 1  
- **input_to_tb.py** – Python script to convert given input into a meaningful testbench (partially generated by AI)

---

## DUT Summary

Similar to Day 2, the DUT assumes that the joltage ratings of all banks can be transmitted simultaneously. This parallelism reduces processing time at the cost of additional hardware. The DUT also operates in three states: INIT, STORE, and CALC, corresponding to initialization, storing the joltage ratings, and performing calculations, respectively.

## Pseudo logic

    Find largest rating in bank & index:
    
    if largest_index == n-1:    
        Find largest in bank from 0 to n-2   
        output = (largest in bank from 0 to n-2 * 10) + largest rating in bank   
    else:    
        Find largest in largest_index+1 to n-1   
        output = (largest rating in bank * 10) + (largest in largest_index+1 to n-1)   
     


---

## Simulation Environment

All HDL simulations were executed using **Cadence Xcelium**.

### Simulation Command

xrun -sv &lt;testbench file name&gt; &lt;DUT file name&gt;

### Example

xrun -sv tb_puzzle1.sv design.sv

### Output

A xrun.log file is generated which can be used to observe outputs. I have included $monitor statements in the testbench to monitor the DUT outputs and internal signals.


---

## Use of AI

**AI was not used** for designing the DUT. However, the given inputs were not directly suitable for HDL and required significant processing to generate meaningful test cases. AI was used to reduce the overall time required to test the DUT. This is especially helpful since the puzzles are more friendly to high-level programming languages, and direct HDL implementation would require considerably more effort.
