# Day2
Solutions for Jane Street Day1 Puzzle.

## Directory Structure

- **design.sv** – Puzzle 1  
- **design2.sv** – Puzzle 2  
- **tb_puzzle1.sv** – Testbench for Puzzle 1  
- **tb_puzzle2.sv** – Testbench for Puzzle 2  
- **input_to_tb.py** – Python script to convert given input into a meaningful testbench (partially generated by AI)

---

## DUT Summary

The DUT exploits parallelism and assumes that all ranges are available simultaneously and can be provided as inputs. To identify invalid IDs, the input values are treated as BCD-encoded. Internally, the DUT contains a BCD adder, an invalid ID checker, and a BCD-to-binary converter to generate the final output.

---

## Simulation Environment

All HDL simulations were executed using **Cadence Xcelium**.

### Simulation Command

xrun -sv &lt;testbench file name&gt; &lt;DUT file name&gt;

### Example

xrun -sv tb_puzzle2.sv design2.sv

### Output

A xrun.log file is generated which can be used to observe outputs. I have included $monitor statements in the testbench to monitor the DUT outputs and internal signals.


---

## Use of AI

**AI was not used** for designing the DUT. However, the given inputs were not directly suitable for HDL and required significant processing to generate meaningful test cases. AI was used to reduce the overall time required to test the DUT. This is especially helpful since the puzzles are more friendly to high-level programming languages, and direct HDL implementation would require considerably more effort.
